[ Man ]
Previously on Sons of Anarchy.
Keepin’ this between us,
it’s the best thing
for Opie.
Clay tried to kill my son.
He slaughtered his wife
by mistake.
I’m depending on you
to make that right.
Right now it’s about
protecting Ope.
We feel it would be best
for you to stop dealing arms to
the One-Niners and the Mayans.
Nobody threatens Sam Crow.
Please!
My baby swallowed something!
He’s choking! Please help me!
About a month ago,
I found Gemma Teller
in the utility house off 18...
beaten and raped.
It was Zobelle’s Aryan crew.
Gemma!
Stockton called.
Inside’s a go.
- [ Big Otto Grunts ]
- Beating was from the League.
We underestimated Zobelle,
the League’s reach.
Now he hurts a brother.
Retaliation must be harsh
and immediate.
I love Otto.
I want to give him his eye,
but not at the expense
of my club.
Immediate retaliation.
Yea.
- Absolutely.
- Yea.
- It’s a no.
- Nay.
Nay.
4-4. No majority.
We wait on retaliation.
[ High-pitched Whining ]
Shit!
Chibs!
[ Chattering ]
[ Sirens Blaring ]
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
I’ll be, uh,
right back.
[ Siren Blaring ]
...stabilize him.
[ Continues, Indistinct ]
The boy’s got
a strong constitution.
Anybody can take a blast,
it’s him.
Yeah.
[ Glass Hits Table ]
I ran the registration
and VIN on the minivan.
Both bogus.
[ Liquor Pouring ]
I need to know
what happened.
A lot of volatile liquid
here at the garage.
Forensics finds
anything else,
feds will be
all over this place.
Bombs are
Homeland Security shit.
You got to make
the evidence point
to what it was–
an accident.
I know what you
got to do here, Clay,
but we both know Zobelle
has caused enough damage
in this town.
What happened to Chibs
cannot blow back in Charming.
Well, then you
get me a home address
on him and Weston.
They both live
out of town.
Otherwise,
I do it here,
and then you’ll be
watching Main Street
on the 10:00 news.
Jesus Christ.
[ Glass Hits Table ]
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
[ Exhales ]
This was Zobelle.
Otto, now Chibs.
This guy’s trying
to break us.
All of us.
There’s got to be something
we can find on this guy.
He doesn’t make mistakes.
I pushed us off retaliation
for Otto.
But after this,
Clay will go at Zobelle
full bore.
I got a bad feeling
we’ll be walking
right into a trap.
Then don’t play it out.
Not the way this works.
Someone hurts us like this,
we retaliate. Have to.
That’s it? You’re gonna
run blind off the cliff?
Maybe not.
If I can get
to Zobelle first,
I can protect the club.
What happens
when you find him?
You tell me.
You asking me
to help SAMCRO?
We both know
this guy’s got some kind
of leverage on you.
Think of it
as a self-serving favor.
I go off the grid
and I help you find this guy,
you’ve got to promise
that you will hand him
over to me alive.
What do you do?
You can’t arrest him?
Bring him in
as a person of interest.
Question him up to 24 hours.
At least it gives Clay
a chance to calm down.
Maybe you get
your crew thinking straight.
All right.
I get to him first,
I give him to you.
Do it by the book.
I’ll dig into
the cigar shop records, see
if I can find that home address.
Pull Weston’s info too.
If they’re a dead end,
we can always rattle Darby.
Jax.
Need some help.
What’s the matter?
Don’t know what to do.
This thing with Chibs
is gonna push Ope
farther away.
What are you talking about?
Don’t come home
much anymore.
If he does, he barely
speaks to his kids.
They have no idea
what’s happening.
I didn’t sign up for this.
Kids need a mother,
a father.
Tried talking to Ope.
I didn’t raise him.
We got no history.
Talk to Piney about it?
He’s on his way
to the cabin.
This will be
a four-day bender at least.
Mary, I don’t know
how to help Ope.
Talk to him.
Please.
All right.
I’m gonna head over
to St. Thomas.
I’ll call you as soon
as I hear anything.
Okay. Thanks.
Hey, baby.
They’re waiting
for you inside.
Yeah.
[ Kissing ]
What?
Someone blew up your friend
with a car bomb.
We don’t know
what happened.
Jesus Christ.
We watched it happen.
Who the hell
would do that?
Why would anyone do that?
Look, I’m not sure
who did it.
That’s the truth.
Probably the same guys
who had Otto jumped.
Are you in danger?
Am I?
Oh, God.
Look, I’m sure
nothing’s gonna happen.
Just got to be smart.
A little more cautious,
all right?
It’s gonna
be okay, babe.
No, it’s not.
I have to go
deal with this.
[ Siren Wails ]
[ Door Closes ]
This explosion–
Are those the same people
who attacked you?
And if it was?
Maybe if you
had told somebody
about what happened–
This isn’t on me.
[ Door Closes ]
Unser’s getting
his home address.
You really think Zobelle
is sitting in his Barcalounger
waiting for us to swing by?
Why should he hide?
Asshole thinks he’s
protected on every level.
He is.
Probably riding four deep.
Weston, skinhead crew.
Then we ride five deep.
[ Bobby ]
Yeah, and what’s the plan?
Roll up on him
in broad daylight,
cut off his head?
Okay.
You know,
I don’t give a shit
what the plan is.
I am tired of sitting here
playing "what happens if?"
Zobelle tried
to kill two of us
in the last 12 hours.
This charter doesn’t
wait any longer.
We kill him!
Do I need
to take a vote?
[ Knocking ]
[ Zipper Zips ]
You living here now?
Crashing once in a while.
I talked to your mom.
She’s worried
about her grandkids.
Said they never see
their dad anymore.
It’s not your worry.
Problem of my brother’s
is a problem of mine, right?
I don’t have a problem.
My kids are fine.
Okay, look, man.
I think it’s all good you
getting deeper in the club.
But you’re obviously
still dealing with some shit.
Donna’s death’s
got to be a nightmare–
How do you know
what I’m dealing with?
You got to figure out
your own shit, brother.
I know what I’m doing.
Oh, yeah.
You got things
you wanna change.
I get it.
This beef with Clay–
It’s not about what’s
best for Sam Crow.
It’s about you...
pushing to be king.
It’s not
your time yet, man.
This is Clay’s club.
You got to back down,
get in line...
before somebody
gets hurt.
[ Sighs ]
[ Man ]
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪♪
[ Man ]
Hey, this is
a crime scene.
Oh, shit.
What’s this
mick bastard doing here?
Irish love
a good car bomb.
Hey, you being here
in broad daylight,
it’s not the smartest move.
My dad thought
it’d be wise to find out what
all the noise was last night.
- Accident.
- Chibs rubbed some
wrong wires together.
I grew up
in South Armagh, boys.
Sodium nitrate was
a fragrance of my youth.
Know it anywhere.
We’re dealing
with the problem.
The problem is the feds.
This blast will
bring ’em around.
Ain’t gonna get that far.
Tell your old man
we got it contained.
[ Sniffs ]
Sure. I’ll let the folks
know there’s nothing
to worry about.
Locations
of our two white friends.
[ Clay ]
Thanks.
How long before
Lodi Forensics
gets out here?
It’s flagged as a priority.
I’m surprised they’re
not here yet.
- Well, you may wanna send
your boys out for doughnuts.
- [ Cell Phone Rings ]
Let us tidy up
a little bit.
- Yeah.
They do look famished.
- [ Jax ] Hey.
Zobelle rents a house
in Morada.
Had their P.D. pay a visit.
No one’s home.
Still getting Weston’s info.
Okay. Meet me
at Darby’s.
I want you
to power scrub the shit
out of this place.
I want it clueless
for the C.S.U.
Sparkle and shine.
Let’s go find Zobelle.
Yeah.
Hey, you need me
with you?
I’m thinking one of us
should be there for Chibs.
Yeah,
you should go.
Keep me plugged in.
- Think he’s on board?
- I don’t give a shit.
He’s not. He’s knows better
than to try to stop
the retaliation after this.
But he’s working
something else.
Just keep an eye on him.
- Call if you hear
anything else.
- For sure, sir.
His truck’s
not here.
Yeah, his workers
saw him last night.
But Darby told him
to be here at 7:00.
He’s crawled into a hole.
[ Sighs ]
I’ll put out an A.T.L.
If Darby’s in Charming,
we’ll find him.
D.C. to Dispatch.
Issue an attempt
to locate one Ernest Darby.
Thought you were
at St. Thomas.
No news on Chibs yet.
Figured maybe Darby
could point us to Zobelle.
Guess Hale
had the same idea.
Guess so.
Thought you
were running down
the home addresses.
Clay wanted
fewer guys.
Lower profile.
His club. He knows best.
Yeah. Anything here?
Dead end.
I’ll wait for you.
We can ride back together.
Sure thing.
What’s that about?
It’s about shit
being upside down.
Call me
with Weston’s address.
Where you going?
Lose my best friend.
[ Grunts ]
Oh, shit.
What the hell
you doing?
This is
a crime scene.
[ Sighs ] I’m sorry.
I have O.C.D. and the mess
was, like, freaking me out.
Where’s Charming P.D.?
What the hell’s
going on here?
Oh, shit. I thought
you guys left,
and you were–
Get the hell out of here.
It’s a goddamn crime scene.
Idiot.
This your watch?
I was taking a piss.
I’m sorry.
We’ll take it from here.
[ Horn Honking ]
Shit.
What are we gonna
do here?
What’s this?
Cancer drugs.
Turns my waste radioactive.
I’m holding a cup
of your piss?
Spill this
on their lab kit,
turns their results into
a bad chemistry experiment.
Just need to figure a way
it don’t get me arrested
for evidence tampering.
Hey, go chat ’em up,
and then take my lead.
You and your piss.
Hey, get you boys
anything?
Beverage of some sort?
[ Man ]
We’re fine. Thanks.
- [ Engine Starts ]
- What do you think
caused this blast anyway?
- Chief, clear out of here.
We’re still collecting.
- [ Tires Squealing ]
- Whoa! Look out!
- [ Tires Screech ]
[ Groans, Coughs ]
[ Juice ]
Oh, my God.
Oh, my– Holy shit.
I am so sorry. I–
Are you guys all right?
I thought that they
changed out the brake drums.
- Damn, I’m sorry.
- You stupid shithead.
[ Sniffing ]
What the hell is that?
Uh, diet cola.
Tastes like piss,
don’t it?
[ Beeps ]
Apparently, some
of our friends in Charming
have been looking for me.
When we finish here,
head to the shop.
I suspect they will
be coming to you.
They’re here.
Ah. Ethan Zobelle.
A.J. Weston.
This is
my daughter, Polly.
Cameron Hayes.
My boy, Edmond.
Hey.
Hello.
Glad we finally get
to meet in person.
Someplace private
we can talk?
Yes. Of course.
Why don’t you
keep me company?
You part of all this?
Is that so hard
to believe?
You just don’t look like you–
I don’t know.
You don’t like
the way I look?
No. I mean–
[ Laughs ]
You-You-You look fine,
darlin’.
I think you
already know that.
Grab us
a couple of beers?
Mm-hmm.
Followed Jax to Darby’s.
It was a dead end.
But he knew
I was tailing him.
He lost me at the Corcoran Pass.
- Shit.
- There’s no one
at Zobelle’s house.
Phones off.
Lose the cut.
- Weston’s?
- Yeah. Up here
around the corner.
[ Guns Cocking ]
[ Knocking ]
A.J. Weston!
Charming Police!
Window.
I saw it.
Stay here.
[ Door Creaks, Closes ]
[ David ]
Wait. Stop. Stop.
What are you doing here?
- [ Gunshots ]
- [ David ] Oh, shit.
- [ Clay ]
Move! Move! Go! Go!
- [ Exhales ]
[ Breathing Heavily ]
[ Gunshot ]
Get out
of the way.
Go.
[ Breathing Heavily ]
Jesus Christ.
I’m not gonna
hurt you!
Just looking
for your dad.
I’m a friend of his.
Let me see the ink.
- What?
- Your tats. Prove it.
Okay. Yeah.
Let’s just put
the guns down, okay?
[ Exhales ]
I got all kinds of ink.
[ Boy Screams ]
It’s a kid!
[ Dogs Barking In Distance ]
[ Both ]
Hold your fire!
Liar!
[ Gun Clicking ]
- [ Exhales ]
- Where’s your dad, shithead?
I ain’t telling you shit,
race traitor!
[ Spits ]
Call Child Services.
Have this little
psychopath committed.
[ Exhales ]
Come on.
I ain’t afraid
of no cop.
Shut up.
[ Happy ]
We found his computer.
Password protected.
Can’t get in.
Bring it to Juice.
Guess you’re running
with Hale now.
Just working things
from my end. Same goal.
And what’s that?
Keep the boss happy.
Unser. He couldn’t stop
the forensic team.
[ Bobby ]
Now what?
[ Dings ]
Guess they ain’t open yet.
[ Woman On P.A. ]
Dr. Shannon to I.C.U.
Dr. Shannon to I.C.U., please.
[ Footsteps Approaching ]
Chibs is stable
but critical.
He landed
on the back of his head.
Caused a subdural hematoma.
A large blood clot.
A brain bleed’s severe,
but if it subsides,
it’s not life threatening.
All we can do now
is monitor it.
If it gets worse?
They’ll have to go in
and relieve the pressure.
Jesus Christ.
Cut open his head?
Oh, hopefully
it won’t come to that.
I’m sorry about
what I said earlier.
I didn’t mean–
It’s okay.
It’s a shitty day
for all of us.
Hey, you, um– You mind
if I head home with you?
Sure.
Just finish up
a few things.
I’ll wait for you
downstairs.
Thanks.
How’s Chibs?
Critical.
I’m sorry.
- You got a minute?
- For what?
I’ve...
kind of hit a wall
trying to find
who did this.
And, uh,
I was hoping
you could help.
Me? Well, I don’t
know anything more
than the guys do.
Unser told me some things.
About you.
What happened.
At least what he knows.
Piece of shit.
He had to.
Shut up!
We both know this thing
with Chibs was Zobelle.
Give me something, Gemma.
Any detail.
Anything you can remember.
It never goes on record.
The secret keeps.
Just point me somewhere.
Why are you suddenly
so interested
in helping us?
I became a cop.
Doesn’t mean I don’t give
a shit about folks
I grew up with.
You wanna hurt this guy.
Yeah, I do.
Girl in her 20s–
cute, blonde,
good rack.
She’s the only one I saw.
Thank you.
And I am sorry.
You or your
cancerous boss...
tell anyone else
what happened to me,
and I will cut
both of your big,
soft hearts out.
Copy that.
He’s pissed.
- What the hell is this?
- Where you headed?
What do you care?
And what the hell’s
he doing with you?
Are you on their
payroll now too?
Just answer the question.
[ Engine Starts ]
I’m going to see my mom.
She’s sick.
- Your mother died
last month.
- My other mother.
All right.
Where’s Zobelle?
How do I know?
What, is this about
the blast last night?
What do you think?
Okay, if Zobelle did have
something to do with it,
the Nords knew nothing about it.
Unlike Sam Crow,
we don’t blow up shit
in our own town.
You don’t show up
for work this morning.
Now you’re heading out of town.
You running from something?
I got a heads-up
that shit might go down.
No other details.
I’m on my way to Vegas.
That’s it.
That’s the truth.
Do you know anything
about a blonde, 20s,
good tits?
Sounds like Zobelle’s daughter.
I’ve seen her hanging
with Weston.
Can I go?
Yeah.
Thanks.
Dicks.
Where’d you get
the intel on the girl?
Description turned up
when we canvassed the street
the minivan was towed from.
Still have the one
I gave you?
No.
I got rid of it
after Kohn left.
- [ Fist Pats Table ]
- Wait here.
[ Grunts ]
Jesus Christ.
Do you and Clay
really need this many guns?
[ Exhales ]
These are just mine.
Here.
See how this feels.
It’s okay.
It’s not too heavy.
.38.
That’ll blow
a good hole.
Okay.
- What’s this for?
- Let’s go.
Where?
[ Gunshots ]
[ Casings Hit Ground ]
Now squeeze slowly.
It’ll have some kick.
No. You’re
gripping too hard.
You wanna hold it firm,
but let it breathe.
All right.
Now, put the sight
on what you want dead.
Then take a breath and–
Good.
[ Chattering ]
Is it always like this?
No.
You came back to him
at a bad time.
It settles down.
Gets downright boring.
I promise.
[ Car Approaches ]
[ Gun Cocks ]
[ Whirring ]
[ Alarm Chirps ]
[ Clears Throat ]
That was fun.
You’re gonna love this.
[ Gun Cocks ]
[ Horn Honking,
Alarm Blaring ]
- [ Gunshots ]
- [ Chuckling ]
Some mess.
I’ve already
filed a report.
Yeah, I know.
We’ll look into that.
Yeah, I’m sure you will.
You must be
Ethan Zobelle’s daughter.
Polly.
I’m the deputy chief.
I know.
I’m looking for your dad.
Haven’t seen him.
Well, why don’t you
give him a call?
It’s important
I connect with him.
I’m not his keeper.
He’s wanted
for questioning.
And if you’re
lying to me,
that means you’re interfering
with a criminal investigation.
[ Chuckling ]
What do I look like,
one of your inbred natives?
Come on.
Charge me or get out.
I’ll tell you
what I’m gonna do.
I slice open my arm,
I charge you with aggravated
assault on a peace officer.
My old man was a judge.
You’ll do a three-year pop
at the Sanwa dyke lodge,
no questions asked.
There’s a big rally
at the Christian Center
in Morada.
The League?
Weston’s rowdy crowd.
Prison muscle.
Daddy’s giving
his reformer speech.
Tends to work ’em up.
Need you to come with me.
Why? I told you the truth.
That truth needs
to stay between us.
Gonna keep that
from your daddy
for a while.
Station house.
Zobelle, he’s
at the Christian Center
in Morada.
A big Aryan
membership rally tonight.
Can Morada P.D.
pick him up?
Sounds like Weston’s
prison crew. Could get ugly.
Better off sending the sheriffs.
- Okay.
Hey.
How’s Chibs doing?
The bleeding stopped.
He’s still critical,
but if it holds,
he’ll be out of the woods.
[ Exhales ]
That’s great.
Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
I’m sorry about all this.
I’m telling you as much
as I know.
It’s okay.
It’ll ease up.
Yeah, it will.
[ Kissing ]
Oh, I got a call
from Luann.
Apparently, there was
some kind of firearm
incident out at Caracara?
No kidding?
I love you.
You should.
Checked his house
and the cigar shop again.
Still off the map.
Zobelle knows we’re
looking for him.
- Asshole has to surface.
- We won’t be able
to do shit.
Feds are on their way.
We’re gonna be ass deep
in some bad suits
by morning.
Shit.
I think we got something.
There’s an appointment in
Weston’s calendar for tonight.
He tagged it "E.Z., M.C.C."
- Ethan Zobelle.
- Morada Christian Center,
off Alhambra.
What’s going on?
[ Bobby ]
They think they know
where Zobelle is.
Christian Center, Morada.
Shit.
Understand you had
a new partner today.
Just trying
to contain this.
[ Wayne ]
So much for that plan.
Uh-oh. There’s something
I need to tell you.
You girls swapping
diaries again?
Huh?
I needed
some information.
Oh, shit.
You have no idea.
Uh– Come on.
I’d prefer the feds
didn’t see the beating
I’m about to take.
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
[ Beeps ]
Yeah.
When are the sheriffs coming?
I called them.
I’m not sure. Why?
I had to tell Hale.
He was getting seduced
by Zobelle’s "I’m good for
Charming" bullshit. I’m sorry.
That thing
that happened to Chibs,
it was definitely Zobelle?
Can’t prove shit,
but I know it in my gut.
We all do.
And nothing I know
could’ve stopped that blast.
Clay taking on what
happened to me would’ve–
would’ve made it worse.
That’s right.
I’m sorry.
Hey, this ain’t
on you, sweetheart.
I’m start–
I’m starting
to think that, um–
that’s it’s all on me.
I know.
Couple buses out front,
a few cars in the lot,
Zobelle’s Mercedes,
two A.B. guys out front.
Yeah, there’s a side door.
It’ll be easy.
[ Clay ] Good.
We kick in the doors.
We grab Zobelle. We do it
in front of an audience?
Come on. It’s Weston’s crew.
It’s a handful of ex-cons
and scumbags.
Not really
reliable witnesses.
We’ll let them make
the first move.
It’s more than a handful.
It’s a membership rally.
It’s gonna be packed
with A.B.
- How the hell do you know that?
- Hale grilled
Zobelle’s daughter.
He’s sending sheriffs
to pick him up
for questioning.
- [ Happy ]
We got cops on the way?
- [ Groans ]
Yup.
Well, then,
we better hurry.
Anything else
you wanna tell us?
Yeah.
We do this,
we all go to jail.
AKs and shotguns.
Let’s go.
[ Men Chattering ]
[ Chattering Continues ]
You, Juice, Hap,
take the side.
Come on.
[ Gun Cocks ]
Keep your mouth shut.
- Give me that.
- [ Grunts ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Cell Phone Buzzes ]
Yeah.
[ Clay ]
Ready?
We’re set.
Five count.
One, two–
- ♪♪ [ Christian ]
- [ Guests Murmuring ]
- What the hell, man?
- Jesus Christ.
- [ Gunshots ]
- [ Guests Screaming ]
Outside!
- [ Guests Chattering,
Excitedly ]
- Got him.
We got to get
the hell out of here.
Out, now!
Now!
♪ And before
I’d be a slave ♪
♪ I’ll be buried in my grave ♪
Ah, shit.
Call it in.
- ♪ And go home to my Lord
and be free ♪
- Drop the guns! Now!
- Christ.
- Drop ’em!
Now!
[ Tig ]
All right.
Let me see your hands!
Right there!
♪ They’ll be shouting
over me ♪
♪ And before I’d be a slave ♪
♪ I’ll be buried in my grave ♪
♪ And go home to my Lord
and be free ♪
♪ They’ll be praying ♪
♪ They’ll be praying over me ♪
♪ And before I’d be a slave ♪
♪ I’ll be buried
in my grave ♪
♪ And go home to my Lord
and be free ♪
♪ O freedom ♪
♪ O freedom over me ♪
♪ And before I’d be a slave ♪
♪ I’ll be buried in my grave ♪
♪ And go home to my Lord
and be free ♪
Holy shit.
♪ O freedom ♪
One, two, three, up.
- ♪ O freedom over me ♪
- ♪ Over me ♪
♪ And before I’d be a slave ♪
♪ I’ll be buried in my grave ♪
♪ And go home to my Lord
and be free ♪
♪ And go home
to my Lord and be free ♪
♪ And go home to my Lord
and be free ♪♪